okay so my name is Eric D Curtis I work
for steak fish and I'm here to talk to
you about how we use ipfs and the gem
stack yeah so who are we
steak fish were one of the leading
operators for validators for proof of
steak blockchains
so token holders can stick with us to
secure you know networks and reward so
we run a lot of proof of steak
infrastructure steak fish is a sister
company to have two pools so if two pool
is handling the proof-of-work
blockchains okay so maybe you've been
wondering you know how can i how can we
become you know ipfs native how can we
deploy a PFS and two onto our website
and start using it so we went through
that process and i'm here to basically
tell you how we did it and to give you
ideas on maybe the challenges or what is
required in order to get that done
so first the first thing to realize is
that you can't have any dynamic contact
obviously on the on the content
distribution layer so if you want your
website to be served entirely from my
PFS you have to separate out the api and
the static content and jan is kind of
like an architecture for doing that now
there's many frameworks that work with
this architecture and I'll be here to
talk to you so we use Gatsby and yeah so
that's basically it and white matters
well because if you don't split up those
two things then basically it's
impossible to use I get this other than
to serve just a few static absence so
steak fish is powered entirely by ipfs
and it's ipfs native so meaning we
target ipfs first then we retrofit the
normal web onto it so you know the steak
fish website basically get statically
compiled with fold see I see
pipeline that we through that pipeline
we weep in all the assets on tapenade
and then we update a DNS link text
record so we have updated DNS so that
basically it routes to the right the
latest version of the site yeah so and
then for the normal traffic it comes in
through the web to an IP FS gateway so
it's not actually served by it's not
like we have a normal stack and then an
IPF that stack and we we kind of like
you know maintain you know two different
copies of this thing we actually just
deployed to ipfs so you can see here the
DNS link what that might look like it's
very simple I mean there's a sub domain
here you don't have to do it with a sub
domain but that's how we've done it it's
more secure this way because then you
can delegate that sub domain and change
the security on that yeah so that's
quite simple so you can see here you can
go through any gateway and our website
basically loads and everything works
just as you would expect anything that
requires an API goes directly to the API
through the normal they can't go through
I pee FS but all the static content here
is through ipfs and there's no
server-side rendering so you can see
that and oops sorry
yeah so here's a kind of like a 1
million foot view of what what's
actually happening there so we have
CloudFlare and
when we commit via get goes to the CDI
CD pipeline we pin the data on pinata
and then we update the the record on
CloudFlare and all the issues normal
HTTP requests go to the ipfs gateway and
all the api calls go to the api cluster
and that's pretty much it it's a lot
simpler and it's a lot cleaner and it
works fairly well
then you would imagine so anyway if you
would like to learn more about us feel
free to reach out to us if you we would
like to actually we'd like to contribute
to the Wikipedia on ipfs project because
it I think that project needs a little
bit of love and yeah so if any
developers are interested in in helping
us with that
well we're hiring so feel free to send
your resumes all right thanks a lot